Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, okay, go ahead, go ahead.
Duy Nguyen: In the tool paper review I already sent to you,
Duy Nguyen: It's all have, like, anything, the input human, from human, and…
Duy Nguyen: What… what they want, and what in… in their mind, to do, and their…
Wei Zheng: Okay, moment. You said that two paper, that review is related to that, that, what, that, that publication?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: That is all the thing you try to figure out, how… in that process, how the human
Wei Zheng: Import, you know?
Duy Nguyen: I guess.
Wei Zheng: I mean, in their process, how they do it, what is their intent, you know what I'm.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And, okay. And do you feel you can make the AI agent to do that?
Wei Zheng: Do you, do you feel, you have an idea?
Wei Zheng: how can you make the AI Aging.
Duy Nguyen: Gotcha.
Wei Zheng: To do the same.
Wei Zheng: like, to do the thing they want to do, to do the thing, that human…
Wei Zheng: What, the human do in that process?
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I think…
Duy Nguyen: the… the Microsoft Graph, rack, and the long… the Langchen can… can do that, but I think, you, you sent it to me, right? Yeah, it's the iteration, right? And we… we had to, like, run and…
Duy Nguyen: And check, and, and rerun, and check, right?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you just, give… okay, the first, I think you read, you read a summary of that publication.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: You know, what,
Wei Zheng: Because we don't… they are doing… they do not do anything related to computer design. They just try to say what they…
Wei Zheng: what they conceptualize… conceptualize the thing, and what they do. I do not do… I… I probably, I will read… I will read a salary later, but I just say.
Wei Zheng: apparently this… they have established some criteria, and then they will define something. They will define something, right? And then, after they define something, and then you go… they go there, to screen the… to… or to look at…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah, I did.
Wei Zheng: 28, it's 28 publications, right? They just go to that 28 publications, doing the thing they describe, is that? To find some relation, is that? To find some, I think public, intervention.
Wei Zheng: outcome.
Wei Zheng: the student behavior.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Something like that, yeah?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, sir.
Wei Zheng: And… And how can you… Imagine.
Wei Zheng: the AI agent can do. I think, okay, first.
Wei Zheng: The AI agent is actually what? It's a large… is a language model.
Wei Zheng: Some, re… re-receive some special instruction, or re-receive some special prompts.
Wei Zheng: And then, they will follow the prompts
Wei Zheng: And with the import, and then doing the thing.
Wei Zheng: Just like I said, please fund… the any, Intervention.
Wei Zheng: They used, in this…
Wei Zheng: publication, or… because they review other people's publications, right? They will probably… you will probably… you will define the… the… the prompts.
Wei Zheng: the…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, we have to decide the problem, yes.
Wei Zheng: The… I'm your model.
Duy Nguyen: That's the key thing.
Wei Zheng: And also, you will feed the language model with that publication, and then that language model will…
Wei Zheng: 1. Follow your prompts!
Wei Zheng: And to process that publication.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: or to, or to, what, read, or digest, or whatever you can say. And then, just like you feed the PDF to the chat GPT, and then you ask, ask the question, right? And then you feed them, feed the large language with this, and then you use the pumps to
Wei Zheng: to ask the question to the chat GPT, you know? And then the chat GPT provides a response.
Wei Zheng: Is that? And then you provide that? No. You will… not you. All the other…
Duy Nguyen: the…
Wei Zheng: Language, no other agent.
Wei Zheng: other AI agent.
Wei Zheng: Well, tech!
Wei Zheng: Yes. That output from this language model.
Wei Zheng: as import.
Wei Zheng: Is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And also, with some specific… another specific prompt you develop. You want… what do you want?
Wei Zheng: Lucky!
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? They are… this is a land chair, this is a land chair.
Wei Zheng: Like, let's just make, in the flow, I mean, in a, in a, in a workflow, there are different language agents.
Wei Zheng: There are some that, like, if something happened, and then go this way. Just like, you know.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: You see what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: I understand what'd you say.
Wei Zheng: You, you know the, the, the, the, the, the ranch?
Wei Zheng: But the key thing is what?
Wei Zheng: You need to provide special prompts for each You got?
Duy Nguyen: That's basically Premier.
Wei Zheng: Why did you… yeah, yeah, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: At an important time.
Wei Zheng: Have you done this? Have you started doing this?
Duy Nguyen: I already started doing the above, but right now, I do not.
Duy Nguyen: Have the… the, like, The perfect apple.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, I'll answer. Could you,
Wei Zheng: Now we talk about the land chain, could you…
Wei Zheng: Because you, you try to frame this, yeah? You try to do that, you try to frame the… we call it a multi-agent.
Wei Zheng: Zach?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Multi… multi-AI agent.
Wei Zheng: Frimwork!
Wei Zheng: That will do exactly the workflow of the human doing in… at least, we try to let our Aging.
Wei Zheng: Multi… AI agent.
Wei Zheng: to simulate
Wei Zheng: what do they do? Just, they do, they sell probably several people, they have in their mind, the researcher, just like, the… what to call that person, they do.
Wei Zheng: And they will do it step by step, is that? Or once they finish this one, they will move to the next step, is that?
Wei Zheng: And then, it's the same thing in the land chain. You first use the… feed the publication, I mean, feed the reference. They said, we talk about 28 reference, you know what I mean? You know what I mean? We feed the 28 reference public one by one. Each time, you just… the public can only deal with one, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And then they go with the first agent.
Wei Zheng: You okay with the instruction? Okay, within the…
Wei Zheng: One by one, you… once they come out of this one, this is the keyword…
Wei Zheng: Once they respond to you first,
Wei Zheng: Once they respond to your first request.
Wei Zheng: Once they finish, and then they give them the next… Next, the request, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes. And then they give you another result, outcome.
Wei Zheng: And then, you're well… Take that outcome.
Wei Zheng: as an import, for another…
Wei Zheng: Not another language for another agent. The agent could be the same language model, you know?
Wei Zheng: All the agents could use a same language model.
Duy Nguyen: They're similar.
Wei Zheng: The same, the same.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Right.
Wei Zheng: Even a different agent, but they are all in the same language model, but it's only… they have different prompts.
Wei Zheng: Y'all?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And could you, because now you tried to do that, could you make the sketch, or even the hand sketch? That will be fine, or… depends on you.
Wei Zheng: Just, like, how… What kind of architecture?
Wei Zheng: or for your… Your multi… multi-agent framework.
Wei Zheng: You, you know, you, you, you see other people, the Lanqian, they, they, they, they…
Wei Zheng: If you are not familiar with this, how to do that? You, you look at any people who use the land chain, multiple agents, you can find
Wei Zheng: if you can, you can, you can… not Google, now you can ask ChatGPT, right? You said any people use the multiple…
Wei Zheng: Or you can ask if any people use the multi-chain, multi-agent framework to do the thing we try to do. You already tell the AI, you know, the ChatGPT, what we try to do, you know?
Wei Zheng: They should know what we try to do, right? And also, you keep in mind that you know that the current ChatGPT
Wei Zheng: They can gather information across Cross.
Wei Zheng: cross the conversation.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? Originally, they can only go within.
Wei Zheng: one conversation, but now they can actually search.
Duy Nguyen: Sweet.
Wei Zheng: automatically search. Originally, you need to do your search by yourself, but now they can… they can do the… they can do the search by themselves to find relevant information within your chat, because you shared… in your account, you chat with ChatGPT a lot of things, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Anna?
Wei Zheng: They can find, if you specifically, if you explicitly
Wei Zheng: If you explicitly… if you clearly
Wei Zheng: Asked him to search our previous conversation.
Wei Zheng: To find some particularly prospective information, and they can do it.
Wei Zheng: And then you just say, I… we… I… we… I want to do this multiple frame, multi…
Wei Zheng: agent, frame, framework for doing the thing.
Wei Zheng: we want to do, all you either can feed my sketch, right? I give you some sketches, right? No, I give you some description, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And you can feel them, you said that…
Duy Nguyen: You give me your abstract.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you just said, please find any people doing the similar
Wei Zheng: Use the similar framework, do the similar thing.
Wei Zheng: I think they will, they will, they will, they will help, they will find something. You just read.
Wei Zheng: via multi-agent framework, and then you try to deploy, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: you try to deploy the multiple agents in the lenshin structure, you know what I mean? Because we have the lenshin, they have the…
Wei Zheng: Oh, by the way, you should be familiar with the land change, right? They have some library, they have some… Yeah, they have, the document. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you have anything you need, is that? They have the framework, anyway, they have the element, they have the component.
Wei Zheng: You'll…
Wei Zheng: If you are not sure, you just ask ChatGPT. You can ask the cruiser, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: You just, I want to use LandChain. Oh!
Wei Zheng: In our case, probably, we caught also not only land chain, it's gravity.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: The graph, yeah, I know that.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: I already read the language in the grab, the grab hand.
Wei Zheng: But first, you need a… you need a… now you have the idea, but now you need what? You need based on, what I sent to you. That is… is my… in my mind, what kind of land change… oh, what kind of multi… multi-agent will do. And also.
Wei Zheng: And also, important is what? Important thing is you need to find all the people Inter.
Wei Zheng: act with the Lanchen.
Wei Zheng: how the people provide the input at a different… at a different state? I do not… I do not know how to say that. At least, people not only provide one input, they should able to, should able to provide the input at a different stage.
Wei Zheng: Of that land check process.
Wei Zheng: And also, people can locate the outer port.
Wei Zheng: From the land check.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: And a Zen?
Wei Zheng: They will provide their feedback to the land chain, and then the landing will further incorporate the human's input
Wei Zheng: and then continue process. The first lead, I think, you at least, you need a… you need a…
Duy Nguyen: Think, man.
Wei Zheng: a frame, like, you need to make the frame. What kind of agent?
Wei Zheng: We said multiple agents, okay? Based on what I… what I provide to you, you know that the email, you know, I said that…
Wei Zheng: That is actually, is, I told you, that is the abstract of.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, that's right.
Wei Zheng: I submit, and then we will develop a full paper based on that. Of course, we can probably do something slightly different from what we… from what I proposed, but if possible.
Wei Zheng: we just follow that. Unless… We're doing it that way, probably is not good, then we do other way.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, yeah.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? Just for us, just to try, you just to try to think of it.
Wei Zheng: how can you build the land chain that can follow what I propose, or what I imagine? Is that… But if you think that probably is… if you say that probably is the other, better way.
Wei Zheng: Then, what I proposed. Oh, that's a fine! That's a fine.
Wei Zheng: If you can, have the… yeah.
Wei Zheng: You can, you can, you can, you can develop, or you can propose some other way.
Wei Zheng: other way that's different from what I present. That's fine.
Wei Zheng: As long as they can achieve the goal.
Wei Zheng: Awful.
Wei Zheng: of that, seat. But anyway… I think, the deadline…
Duy Nguyen: Today, time.
Wei Zheng: For the… for the draft paper.
Wei Zheng: Because, you know, the first I submit the abstract, or we call the proposal, you see what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And then they ask for the draft paper, I think by the… I think probably by the…
Duy Nguyen: We have to submit the draft, in the beginning of February, right?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The draft is… So, what do you feel?
Wei Zheng: For the… for that one, at least.
Wei Zheng: We need to have the frame.
Wei Zheng: When you have a specific… Because now, you see, this is abstract, right? And then, for the draft paper.
Wei Zheng: We need a… at least we need to develop our model.
Wei Zheng: And then we need to present our architecture.
Wei Zheng: Actually, our architecture is what? It's the method.
Wei Zheng: Is it the mess up.
Wei Zheng: is the method of how we do this, is that? Because we proposed, you read that, we proposed to use this multiple…
Wei Zheng: Agent.
Wei Zheng: To do the reveal, is that?
Wei Zheng: And then they will come out with a similar thing as a human review. That's why we will compare.
Wei Zheng: The outcome from our model with the outcome.
Wei Zheng: from that publication.
Wei Zheng: And is it? I just…
Wei Zheng: I just say that from within this framework, so what do you feel that? Is it challenging, or is it something
Wei Zheng: Can't we just say?
Wei Zheng: use the framework of multiple, AI agents.
Wei Zheng: And then we feed them with this 28.
Wei Zheng: Oh, probably not 28. First, we need to feed them a lot of publication.
Wei Zheng: And then, they eventually will Select the 28.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah…
Wei Zheng: You see, that's the ego? You see?
Wei Zheng: Just like you did, we do the search, you see what I mean? Because how they identify 28? Because this is human, there is some criteria, they eventually identify the 28 that is… is based on whatever the criteria they define.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Oh, so, for your agent, multiple agent framework, the first agent work is what? Is try to, find
Wei Zheng: the 28, this publication. You mix these 28 publications with other similar.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: publication, is that? And then, whatever the criteria for their research to use to identify this 28 publications, and then you need to feed this pipeline, is that?
Wei Zheng: Edge in the pipe, and then they will come out. We cannot say exactly. At least they can come some 20 or 30, that is close to this 28. That's what we can compare. We said, at first.
Wei Zheng: They, based on the certain criteria, they come out as 28, you know? And then we use this… we use their same project, whatever the search literature is like, we put all the literature
Wei Zheng: Of course, that literature includes the 28 publication, right?
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? And then we feed, say, I don't know, I think they mentioned that, how many… how many… how many publications they… they start to locate, and eventually they identify 28.
Duy Nguyen: I think it's, 75 or 80.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I see, you got it.
Wei Zheng: Doesn't matter how many, at least we… oh, we can do the similar thing, you know, we, we…
Wei Zheng: We just take about 100, okay? We take about 100 publications, and of course, this 100 publications include that 28, is that…
Duy Nguyen: TV.
Wei Zheng: And then we feed the pipeline, and then the pipeline, eventually, they will select, just like humans, they will select the pipeline. Even if they can select exactly 28, that will be perfect.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: That is the one process.
Wei Zheng: That's why… and also the evaluation is one. We will evaluate what your pipeline, or your agent model, is that?
Duy Nguyen: They produced, say, 28.
Wei Zheng: I mean, exactly 28, then we said the perfect is 100% accurate. Or, if you produce, something is… the close one is… they have 25, it's the same, but other, probably.
Wei Zheng: They identify 20… 35. Among the 35, the 28 is similar to the 25 among the 28, you know what I mean? And then we can… we can say how much they close, you know what I mean? So that is one perspective, and then you do one by one, further one by one, eventually.
Wei Zheng: what they got from their, review. They got some conclusion, like, you know, first you need to define what is their final products from their review.
Wei Zheng: or whatever the model, or whatever the strategy, or whatever the… whatever the knowledge, you know what I mean? I think the knowledge is just, like, for particular part… for a part…
Wei Zheng: For a particularly student population, and a water intervention.
Wei Zheng: It's more effective for what type of population of students? Something like that.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I agree.
Wei Zheng: And then if we… eventually we can come out of that result, and then we compare with their result.
Wei Zheng: Of course, we need to define… for each comparison, we need to define the metrics for… for com… for compare… for comparison.
Wei Zheng: And this one, you can ask ChatGPT, just say if I want to compare this 5%. Just like,
Wei Zheng: Yeah, just like, they identify 28, publication amount from 20… from 100 publications, and then we also identify, we also use the 100 publications. We identify whatever
Wei Zheng: the publication, and then how can we measure their result? How we measure their result is good or not? You ask ChatGPT. ChatGPT can tell you a lot of ways to, to, to, to
Wei Zheng: to evaluate, like, the metrics, like, you do the same thing for each outcome we want to compare. The final, outcome comparison, also we can say.
Wei Zheng: For their process, you define, you tell the ChatGPT what they got, you know?
Wei Zheng: What we've got? And then you said from our pipeline, we also got a similar thing, is that?
Wei Zheng: And then we… how can we compare those two things?
Wei Zheng: is good or not, or how close they are, you know what I mean? They, of course, there's a lot of weight to make this one. And then eventually, you see, we developed our model, and then…
Wei Zheng: we do the evaluation with the golden standard, you know what I mean? Because whatever they do is the golden standard, and then we will compare our model's outcome or behavior
Wei Zheng: with the human golden standard. And then we have the…
Wei Zheng: We have the metrics. We have the comparison metrics. That metrics will tell you how your model is close to the human, in a different perspective.
Wei Zheng: So, the picture is clear, the picture?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, the picture is very clear right now.
Wei Zheng: So, so, so, just say.
Wei Zheng: what do you feel? What's the most challenging part you… you feel?
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I think… We, I, you, you allow me to, like.
Duy Nguyen: free to do anything, like, I can use the chat GPT, the cursor, the anti-gravity, yeah, you want me to do anything, search to GitHub and read anything, so I think I can, I can do that.
Wei Zheng: I mean, I mean, I mean, based on what you… but currently, I do not know what is…
Wei Zheng: What do you come out, okay? Just say.
Wei Zheng: You know the picture, you know, we want to achieve, is that?
Wei Zheng: And you feel what is most challenging part, regarding the coding, regarding the work, regarding the time?
Wei Zheng: So, which part do you think is more significant? Say, you need a significant time, or there's some significant challenges in doing this, or frame that?
Wei Zheng: And I think, first, you need to come out of the…
Duy Nguyen: I need to understand.
Wei Zheng: architecture.
Duy Nguyen: Architecture, okay.
Wei Zheng: Architecture of your… Your, your, your, your multi-bought…
Duy Nguyen: Agent.
Wei Zheng: Jim Walker, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And… and another is what? How you instruct… how you provide prompts.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I think.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. I think…
Wei Zheng: I think, okay, I think, regarding the land chain, or regarding the graph chain, the key thing is the prompts.
Duy Nguyen: What a specific task, you know? And then you need to define that.
Wei Zheng: You need to find for each agent why the…
Wei Zheng: You need to do, step by step.
Wei Zheng: Because even for the 1 18th, I'm not sure.
Wei Zheng: Because if you set one prompt with one large language model, that is one agent. Or…
Wei Zheng: You need to have serious one-by-one, one-by-one prompts.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? What I tried to say. You need to develop a serious, I mean, the chain of the pumps.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: You, like, a little more detail.
Wei Zheng: I mean, serious, you know what I mean, serious. One by one, one by one, one by one.
Wei Zheng: Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria.
Duy Nguyen: Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, that is an interview. Okay.
Wei Zheng: You needed to… how you… that's saying, I mean…
Wei Zheng: You need to have a clear picture.
Wei Zheng: What kind of prompts?
Duy Nguyen: you know.
Wei Zheng: We need to provide in order to make the larger language model
Wei Zheng: As the agent, we want the I mean…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, that means you, you, you need to, you need to have the…
Wei Zheng: Once you have this picture, you, you can just let the cruiser
Wei Zheng: Do it for you, you know?
Wei Zheng: once you… What? Developer, the architecture, or the framework of your multiple agent?
Wei Zheng: And then you tell the cruiser.
Wei Zheng: And then the cruiser will build the code.
Wei Zheng: For Europe.
Wei Zheng: You lost?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, it's true.
Wei Zheng: So, what, what do you, what do you come out, last week?
Duy Nguyen: The last week, I, I tried, I, I still try to… Make the… the graph…
Duy Nguyen: rack.
Duy Nguyen: Run and see the entity in the relationship.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, iteration process, can you… okay.
Wei Zheng: Last time, we talked about iteration… iterative… iterative process, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Can you go several around? Have you started around?
Wei Zheng: Have you, have you started to run that?
Wei Zheng: Have you started to run several, several, several paths?
Duy Nguyen: I, I, I, I already started. I, I, I already sent you the, the output, I showed you the…
Wei Zheng: Okay, so that means you go different iteration, and then that graph is, at least, is much better than…
Duy Nguyen: No, no.
Wei Zheng: In the last round, is it correct?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: So, can you share me? Can you share the screen? What, what, what you, you, you send me? Yeah, you share the screen.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you show the graph, the first graph, and then the second round, and the third round, or whatever. At least you have… at least you have two rounds, you like?
Wei Zheng: You see what I mean? At least you have two rounds of the graph, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean, the first round and second round, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, it was a mistake.
Wei Zheng: Do you feel that graph is consistent with what the review, or what is that they doing? Or how this graph will align with
Wei Zheng: That particular publication.
Wei Zheng: You knew that.
Wei Zheng: the human twin. I mean, I mean, I mean… Holy… wha…
Wei Zheng: What's your sense of this knowledge graph related to the efforts
Wei Zheng: that review, I mean, that author's doing.
Duy Nguyen: I think it is… It's good,
Duy Nguyen: But it's not perfect. It's… it cannot…
Wei Zheng: Is it close to what they…
Duy Nguyen: What they do are… is close to what they…
Wei Zheng: And also, in your mind.
Duy Nguyen: It's not ready for the verification. It's not ready. I still have to improve.
Duy Nguyen: Improve it.
Wei Zheng: So, tell me what's your final… what's your final graph? What entity, and what's the relationship?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, there you go. Here is the original file, the packet.
Wei Zheng: This is the first round.
Duy Nguyen: He's the third one. There's the third one.
Wei Zheng: This is a… this is a publication, right?
Wei Zheng: Well, we'll…
Duy Nguyen: Here's the entity.
Duy Nguyen: Here's your entity.
Wei Zheng: Oh, no, no, wait, wait, wait. Where's the entity? Where's the…
Wei Zheng: Okay, learning publication, what is that? This is a NAVE, NAVE student, is that?
Duy Nguyen: The… the en…
Wei Zheng: Oh, this is the… all the entity in the graph, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, the regiment already defined the entity. The.
Wei Zheng: This is the… this is the entity defined by the author.
Duy Nguyen: Yes, the perfect weather.
Wei Zheng: Like, we try to overcome this… Oh, no, by the way, The author…
Wei Zheng: So what do they try to do? They try to identify the entity and also try to identify relation.
Wei Zheng: I mean, the richer… what kind of… what causes the name, the people's name? The author, the author.
Duy Nguyen: The Richmond.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: So, this is the… it's similar to what the… They how?
Duy Nguyen: It's similar to what they have.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: The entity is… The intervention, the outcome, the mechanism, the contact… Huh.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, you put it, put it this way.
Wei Zheng: You'll feed.
Wei Zheng: you'll feed your… you'll feed that Richmond publication.
Wei Zheng: to your chat GPT.
Wei Zheng: You said based on what they do.
Wei Zheng: you let ChatGPT give you some example of their
Wei Zheng: Just say, based on what they do, what kind of knowledge graph they actually should have.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Oh, yeah, I know. I do it right now, hold on.
Wei Zheng: You just feed that, their paper for the ChatGPT. You say that, based on their description.
Wei Zheng: If we want to build the knowledge graph, use the Microsoft, whatever, that…
Wei Zheng: And what kind of entity, what kind of relation you perceive
Wei Zheng: At least the chat GPT can, based on what his understanding of Richmond's efforts. At least, if they do not build the knowledge graph, at least they can point out… you just say, what kind of… give me some example of the entity, or a relation.
Wei Zheng: That is, best, described what they try to do, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I understand. What about you, Juan?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, and then you compare what the entity in the chat GPT, and you said as many as possible.
Duy Nguyen: Okay. And…
Wei Zheng: At least, you said from their conclusion, because we need to go rewards, because you chat… put the… you, you, you, you, you, you what? You tell ChatGPT, you said based on the Richmond's outcome from their public… from their… from… from their review paper, you like?
Wei Zheng: And what kind of knowledge graph that can be?
Wei Zheng: Better!
Wei Zheng: to describe their outcome.
Duy Nguyen: What kind of knowledge?
Wei Zheng: Choreograph, they can't… Oh, whoa, ugh!
Wei Zheng: Oh, what? Yeah!
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, what is the knowledge graph that is built based on the Microsoft?
Wei Zheng: approach.
Wei Zheng: well contained.
Wei Zheng: Well, contain. What kind of entity? What kind of relation?
Wei Zheng: No, no, no, you should say that based on outcome from this paper.
Duy Nguyen: Apeen?
Wei Zheng: of outcome from these people. Outcome, based on outcome from this paper.
Wei Zheng: And what kind of… okay, what kind of entity, what kind of relation?
Wei Zheng: That complying with the knowledge graph?
Wei Zheng: as described by the Microsoft,
Wei Zheng: Yeah, by Microsoft, what's called that, that community, what, whatever.
Wei Zheng: So what comes the input and relation?
Wei Zheng: what kind of entity, what kind of, what kind of entity, and a relation, and a relation?
Wei Zheng: Another relation.
Wei Zheng: From, or pasta, pasta, or from. It's the same thing.
Wei Zheng: Based on the, the knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: That build it, that build it, that build it by using that, Microsoft, whatever.
Wei Zheng: the name.
Wei Zheng: That… That… That was built… Build, build a, build a.
Wei Zheng: Built up Microsoft.
Wei Zheng: That build on, knowledge graph, no, no, knowledge graph, that is built… that was built, built on, built on, yeah, that, that is, that is built on.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, right?
Wei Zheng: Build on.
Wei Zheng: Built. You should be built, not builder, builder.
Duy Nguyen: Mute.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, beaut.
Wei Zheng: Upon, upon, upon, that's fine. Upon, like,
Wei Zheng: Apa, yeah, apahobra.
Wei Zheng: You put R, O, O, N, O, N, R.
Wei Zheng: Built upon. Oh, that's fine, that's fine, that's fine.
Wei Zheng: That's fine.
Duy Nguyen: I think it's fine, because I think it's…
Wei Zheng: Also, also, you need to say, you need to say what particular that community, what to call that, community method.
Wei Zheng: What do you call that?
Duy Nguyen: The community…
Wei Zheng: Yah.
Duy Nguyen: Report.
Wei Zheng: No, no, no, no, yeah, what does it refer to?
Duy Nguyen: The community detection?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, community detection. Through, through community detection. No, no, the logic graph through that community detection.
Wei Zheng: Because the knowledge graph is built through the community.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: He actually messed up, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Okay, you say, say, give me some example of the possible entity and, relation.
Wei Zheng: And give the examples of the entity and the relation in this context.
Wei Zheng: Example of entity and a relation.
Wei Zheng: In this term, or in this context, C-O-N-T-E-X-T.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, let's see, let's see.
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I really understand what you say, because we…
Duy Nguyen: Because your accent is kind of like me, because that's why I can't understand.
Wei Zheng: Now you understand?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I really understand what you say.
Wei Zheng: And then you will compare to what they got, compared to, what you, you, you build, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, what I think…
Wei Zheng: You build this is not built upon. They are… they are…
Wei Zheng: You build the relation entity is not… not based on this?
Wei Zheng: not based on this publication. You based on the reference we feed to the system, you like?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, we bet.
Duy Nguyen: Everyone's…
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: So, to 28.
Wei Zheng: Student contact with.
Wei Zheng: Self-confident.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Do you think it's similar from what you have?
Duy Nguyen: No, it's not, because… because,
Duy Nguyen: the… the data I use is the 28th.
Duy Nguyen: You used to turn here.
Wei Zheng: Oh, you use the 28, yeah, yeah, yeah, you use the 28, yeah, that's right, that's right, that's right. Because they actually…
Wei Zheng: They, they, they develop their outcome based on this 28 people, 28 people, you know? But now, we just… you feed this 28, you build a knowledge graph, based on this 28 people, but not based on, their publication, you know? Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: But it's not based on the publication.
Wei Zheng: Because they built.
Duy Nguyen: But, I, but, I, I, I, I, I understand.
Duy Nguyen: Joe Biden?
Duy Nguyen: So, you'll.
Wei Zheng: Look at, look at what they have. Is it similar?
Duy Nguyen: It's not…
Wei Zheng: What to call that?
Wei Zheng: Do you, entity, and look at is any, relation. Go, go down, go down, go down, and see if they provide… yeah, relation, relation.
Wei Zheng: You, you see that? You see that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I see that.
Wei Zheng: You will, you will see, because they are actually what? They already have the outcome, right? They, whatever they do, and then the chat GPT is smart enough, they can…
Wei Zheng: They can feel, you know, from their publication. But now what? We will…
Wei Zheng: We will do… you will deal with the 28 people, and see whether you can come out with a similar thing, like this, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Duy Nguyen: I think my 28 people is better than this.
Wei Zheng: Is, is, is, is close?
Duy Nguyen: It's closed. It's better.
Wei Zheng: You feel, you feel better?
Duy Nguyen: I don't know if it's better than this one.
Duy Nguyen: I read… it's kind of… it's not…
Wei Zheng: Just like, this is the kind of relation, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's kind of British.
Wei Zheng: Can… can… let… let's see. Let's see what's your, your, your integer and relation. But now we have the idea, you know? We have the idea. Let's see yours.
Wei Zheng: At least we need to see some clues, resemble, resemble.
Duy Nguyen: It's my relish.
Duy Nguyen: Wow, it's fascinating.
Duy Nguyen: 2003.
Duy Nguyen: Relationship, yeah, there you go.
Duy Nguyen: No, he's my relation.
Wei Zheng: Is it close, or similar?
Wei Zheng: So what's the, what's the, what's the, I think the relation, let's look at the relation.
Wei Zheng: What kind of their relations they have?
Wei Zheng: They identify through that, by using that method.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I see the NAV, NAV student.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, do they have an AV student?
Wei Zheng: I saw you have an AV student.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. How is.
Wei Zheng: That is, entities, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's an entity.
Wei Zheng: And also combine the reason… reason… oh, you go back! You copy one of them. You copy one of these integers, just as the next one. Combine. Combine reasoning strategy.
Wei Zheng: combined reading strategy, go up, go up, go up. Yeah, yeah, you copy this one, and then you copy this, and then you ask ChatGPT, you said, this is if… this is the entity, they will be identified from the…
Wei Zheng: knowledge.
Wei Zheng: is a correct entity in terms of their outcome, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: You just asked, you said, I, is this, is this, is the…
Wei Zheng: It's kind of the outcome of the… of the entity.
Wei Zheng: In terms of their knowledge graph.
Duy Nguyen: No, no, no, it's kind of the entity, entity.
Wei Zheng: Is the entity from, from, from their, their account.
Wei Zheng: From the… from the knowledge graph based on their outcome.
Wei Zheng: From the knowledge… it's… it's… is the correct, okay, it's the correct entity.
Wei Zheng: Of their… of the knowledge graph based on, outcome of their research.
Wei Zheng: Or, all outcome from that, that, that publication.
Wei Zheng: For that Richmond publication. Yeah, from the publication in the above, because you… you already…
Wei Zheng: You already uploaded that file, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Duy Nguyen: It is…
Wei Zheng: Correct, yeah, yeah, it's the correct entity from Nordic Graph.
Wei Zheng: That graph is what? Is… is based on… based on… based on the knowledge, best on outcome.
Wei Zheng: From that publication.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, from a publication attached, attached.
Wei Zheng: Attached, attached, attached. Publication attached.
Wei Zheng: Because you attached the publication here, is that?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, attached. Attached here, attached here, yeah, that's fine, that's fine.
Wei Zheng: You, you ask him, based on what? You, you make this conclusion. Based on what?
Wei Zheng: Based on what? You, you said it this way.
Duy Nguyen: This used to be the chorache.
Duy Nguyen: Oh, Jesus Christ.
Duy Nguyen: It's rich, man.
Duy Nguyen: Amen.
Wei Zheng: So, okay, let's look at the paper. What is their conclusion? What is… what…
Wei Zheng: You, you tell me about this paper. Oh, you put, you put the false screen.
Wei Zheng: You put… you put it on the false screen.
Wei Zheng: You put your computer on the false screen.
Wei Zheng: No, no, you go to that, the window, the fourth screen. Oh, I think that's the fourth screen, okay, okay, that fourth screen. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: So, what is the paper… what is the outcome of the paper? Well, what is the conclusion of the paper? Yeah.
Wei Zheng: what do they try to… what do they try to do? Or what is… what do they got?
Wei Zheng: What they got from their review, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Here's a conclusion.
Wei Zheng: Education intervention for direct analytical and non-analytical Reasons on undergrad Student in Medical School Care Profession Education.
Wei Zheng: predominant work.
Wei Zheng: By increased knowledge of the core assigned according to factor more.
Wei Zheng: So that is the outcome.
Wei Zheng: They review… they review 28 publications. That is their final conclusion, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, they, they, they… They already towed in.
Duy Nguyen: in the… It abstract.
Duy Nguyen: The result…
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, let's do this way.
Wei Zheng: Let's, let's do this way. We continue our chat GPT.
Wei Zheng: You said, if we want.
Wei Zheng: If we want to build a multiple agent model.
Wei Zheng: Use LanChain, LandGraph, and also use, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, even if we want to use the line chain, And, graph chain.
Wei Zheng: And, knowledge graph of Microsoft.
Wei Zheng: Whatever you call that, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Interviewed, multiple agents.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Multiple agent, multiple AI agent, multiple AI agent framework.
Wei Zheng: by using… by using the land chain, graph chain, and the knowledge graph of Microsoft Model.
Wei Zheng: By using, by using.
Duy Nguyen: Land chain, graph chain, and, knowledge graph of…
Wei Zheng: awful.
Duy Nguyen: Naruto crab.
Duy Nguyen: If you want to build.
Wei Zheng: Knowledge graph, and knowledge graph of MagSoft, MagSoft.
Wei Zheng: What Microsoft method?
Wei Zheng: Microsoft,
Wei Zheng: And also a community, what's called a community detection, or whatever.
Wei Zheng: This community detection is awesome. Let's go with Microsoft, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, it's go with the graph there.
Wei Zheng: Okay, and, and also, you, you put also its community detection method.
Wei Zheng: You put it, eat, it's.
Wei Zheng: No, no, no, no, also, yeah, yeah, also, yeah, behind also.
Wei Zheng: And also, it's… yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Sorry, it's…
Wei Zheng: Detective method.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, what is that frame should be, and what kind of AI agent could be?
Wei Zheng: what kind of that frame could it be, and what kind of AI agent could it be?
Wei Zheng: Agent could, could be.
Wei Zheng: And how can we define each agent?
Wei Zheng: How we, how we, how we, how we define, how we define.
Wei Zheng: Each, each agent.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, I see.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you see, that's actually, they tell you, you just try to read, try to understand, and then you see whether you can do it or not, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: No.
Wei Zheng: Or you can feed this to the cruiser.
Wei Zheng: Goodbye!
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah, aggravated to the crucible.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you just said, how many agents we need? What is the rule of each agent?
Wei Zheng: Oh, no, moment, moment.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: It's like, what, what kind of agent of… how many agents we need, and what, what type of agent, and what's their rule in order to achieve, or in order to let the model to perform?
Wei Zheng: The humans… The human's actions that lead to that publication.
Wei Zheng: How many agents, and what rule of each agent?
Wei Zheng: Should it be?
Wei Zheng: defined. In order to let this agent, multi-agent framework
Wei Zheng: can… can… can duplicate it. The humans… Walking process.
Wei Zheng: That lead to that publication.
Wei Zheng: Just how many agents, and what is the rule of each agent should be in that framework that can produce
Wei Zheng: Or that can… that can duplicate.
Wei Zheng: And… And, okay, that can produce
Wei Zheng: The similar outcome, that performance by human.
Wei Zheng: In the efforts, Fall… Doing the thing described in that publication.
Duy Nguyen: Similar outcome.
Wei Zheng: Ya, as, as.
Wei Zheng: Those from that publication, performance by human.
Wei Zheng: A publication, attach it here, attach it here. You refer to the publication, attach it here.
Wei Zheng: Oh, no, no, moment, moment, similar outcome.
Wei Zheng: By human, by human, by human.
Wei Zheng: By research, or by author.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, let's it.
Wei Zheng: You see, this is just exactly… I ask you to do that, and then you will review their result, whether you can build it or not. You confident to build it or not, and also whether you're confident to let the cruiser to build it for you or not.
Wei Zheng: You see? You see?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I see.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: 787…
Wei Zheng: You follow the same trend that you used to work it, and do you understand, and do you…
Wei Zheng: Do you know how to build it? At least you can instruct the… Crucial to do that.
Duy Nguyen: Kidding.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you see, you see, you see, you see, the scape, you see?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, exactly, the ChatGPT can help you to do the thing. The only thing is what? You need to operate it. You need to operate.
Wei Zheng: override the chat GPT.
Wei Zheng: You said yes, yes.
Wei Zheng: I want the sketch.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, that is… oh, that is Jensen.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, just say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what do they give to you? You see that? You, you, you're familiar with this? You, you…
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: You follow this same thing. You come out of this agent. That's exactly, I ask you, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: And then you… now you, you just spend some time, you think of it. I think…
Wei Zheng: Because, to be honest with you, I think…
Wei Zheng: this will be… dominate your… all your time, you know what I mean? Because whenever…
Duy Nguyen: of the time, you just… because that is for building your future, you know what I mean, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: So, welcome.
Wei Zheng: Whenever you have time, you need to think of it, you need to play with it. You need to play with this.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, the most time we have, of my work is, like, to… Oh, like…
Duy Nguyen: As a chat duty and read it.
Wei Zheng: You already told me about it, yeah. Yeah, and also, you… the thing is, then you need to go to the cruiser. Let me do it. And once they have that.
Wei Zheng: Once they have that framework, once they have the code, you verify that. You verify that. If you are not sure, if you are not sure how to verify, you talk to me. You throw me a question, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: And, but anyway…
Wei Zheng: I don't know if… if… okay, if they provide this, and they… you pulled… you provided this to the cruiser.
Wei Zheng: And I think the cruiser could be giving you the framework immediately, but I'm only saying what? You need to verify that, you need to test that, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And then how long we can. But essential is what?
Wei Zheng: We want the agent.
Wei Zheng: can simulate what do they do? And meantime is what?
Wei Zheng: I said the key is what the human can input at some… at a very critical location. What do you mean?
Wei Zheng: That means our… as a human, they can look at… at… because this is a process, you know what I mean? Even you have a multi…
Wei Zheng: You know, this is a process from one step to another step. At each step, they produce some outcome, you like?
Wei Zheng: And then the human can reveal this outcome, and the human will not like this outcome. And then, you need to think of it, how the human's input
Wei Zheng: Well, feedback to… The pipeline, or to the framework, and then that framework can work.
Wei Zheng: commodify.
Wei Zheng: It's behavior, based on the human's instruction. That is critical.
Wei Zheng: You keep this world.
Wei Zheng: I send you the records, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I do. Send me, send me the transcript.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, you, I sent you, I, I sent you this, the meeting records.
Wei Zheng: That is critical. The critical is what? You need to tell the ChatGPT,
Wei Zheng: You said during this process, we want… the human can reveal the process.
Wei Zheng: And even human, even if the human.
Wei Zheng: do not like their outcome. The human can provide their instruction, their requirement to the system, and then the system can modify its behavior.
Wei Zheng: pass out the human's instruction. How we…
Wei Zheng: how we do this? And what… please provide me the architecture. And also, we want our agent can do this.
Wei Zheng: And if you make it do it, and provide an explanation to me how they do this.
Wei Zheng: And how can we?
Wei Zheng: Interact.
Wei Zheng: with the pipeline. Biff!
Wei Zheng: We develop right.
Wei Zheng: After we develop her.
Wei Zheng: After we're developing.
Wei Zheng: After we develop Okay? So, I just said…
Wei Zheng: I just say, you… currently, I think, of course, you need to study, you need to finish your coursework. Your school is started yet, or not?
Duy Nguyen: Is that?
Wei Zheng: It starts this week?
Duy Nguyen: This, this is Victor.
Wei Zheng: This week is the first day or last week?
Duy Nguyen: This week, in.
Wei Zheng: So what's your first class start?
Duy Nguyen: My first class started…
Wei Zheng: I mean, I mean, I'm not yours, I mean the schools, the university's first class.
Duy Nguyen: The university for… Guys, 20… January, 2026.
Wei Zheng: 26?
Duy Nguyen: It's Arista.
Wei Zheng: Not yet or not.
Duy Nguyen: is to release them. I, I started, yeah.
Wei Zheng: You start, no, either.
Wei Zheng: So what is the university is the first to come?
Duy Nguyen: Oh, you need you.
Wei Zheng: university first class started. This is, last Monday or this Monday?
Duy Nguyen: this, this Tuesday, because we're off Monday, right?
Wei Zheng: Oh, okay, okay, oh, this is Tuesday, okay, okay, okay, this is Tuesday.
Wei Zheng: Okay, this is the second day, is that?
Duy Nguyen: you know.
Wei Zheng: No, no, no, today's…
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: This is a… Okay, okay, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. This is, yeah, this is, okay, okay, I see. Tuesday, Wednesday, today is Thursday, okay, I see, I see. This starts Tuesday, okay. So how many courses do you have this semester?
Duy Nguyen: I can show you right here. I can show you right here.
Wei Zheng: How many credit, I mean, I mean, it doesn't matter, you just, yeah, you just…
Duy Nguyen: I'm here.
Duy Nguyen: Do you see that? You see that?
Duy Nguyen: You see it?
Wei Zheng: Moment, moment, okay. How many? You know, I don't know.
Duy Nguyen: 15… 15 hour.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, let's see, that's your schedule, that class schedule, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: So, you are mostly heavily on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, you have two calls, and you're relatively free on Tuesday and Thursday, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: How many, that is, what, 5 cars, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Tech costs, yeah.
Wei Zheng: So, how many is computer? How many is computer?
Duy Nguyen: Just to…
Wei Zheng: Just two computers, and also you have a speech, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I had AI speech.
Wei Zheng: Is it English, or is it just the speech? I mean…
Wei Zheng: Is this your presentation, or what, whatever?
Duy Nguyen: the presentation.
Wei Zheng: In the presentation, okay.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. And here's the senior problem, here's my senior project.
Duy Nguyen: 487 is Senior Project, and this is the Advanced Data Science.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: I hear.
Wei Zheng: How about, how about, how about that?
Wei Zheng: So, you are, actually, you have the two major computer science courses.
Wei Zheng: And then you have the speech court, and what I…
Duy Nguyen: Pardon?
Wei Zheng: And this is the last semester, Doctor?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, this is my last semester.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: So what others, what is this, sir?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, here's the geology.
Wei Zheng: what? It's a mess?
Duy Nguyen: No, it's… it's geology, it's…
Wei Zheng: Oh, geology, geology.
Duy Nguyen: geology, yeah.
Wei Zheng: What is geology. Geology is.
Duy Nguyen: That's GPT?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, look, let's see, what's geology? Oh, it's a, oh, it's a, it's geology, it's just like ocean, ocean, or earth.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's yours.
Wei Zheng: Why you choose this? Because it's just for fun, or what? Or is it just, like…
Duy Nguyen: Because I, I, I, I took,
Duy Nguyen: the, most of the, the, the physics. A lot of physics in the… The previous year.
Wei Zheng: This person is easy, right? This is…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's easy for me, yes, cause it's easy.
Wei Zheng: This is, if you have ChatGPT, that course is…
Wei Zheng: Do they allow you to open book or closed book?
Wei Zheng: I mean, when they do the exam, do the quiz.
Duy Nguyen: When… when those exams, they just allow…
Duy Nguyen: The… the cheat sheet… the cheat sheet to a small cheat sheet, like this.
Wei Zheng: Oh, chi… chi…
Duy Nguyen: Did she…
Wei Zheng: A cheat sheet, okay, cheat sheet. But you can prepare the cheat sheet by using ChatGPT, right?
Wei Zheng: You can prepare the cheat sheet by using ChatGPT.
Wei Zheng: You prepare, you make, you, you, you can make your cheat sheet by using ChatGPT, yeah?
Duy Nguyen: Actually, most… most of the time when I… when I,
Duy Nguyen: create the cheat sheet, or… I, like… read…
Duy Nguyen: all the… the chapter, and the summary, and I see summary, and then I try it. Because…
Duy Nguyen: The cheat sheet have to be… In the handwriting.
Wei Zheng: Oh, okay, okay, that's fine, that's fine, you can't ride!
Wei Zheng: Okay, they allow you to do that. But you just copy ChatGPT, that's fine, is that?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, okay, okay, okay. How about, what are the courses?
Duy Nguyen: Here's the… Data sizing?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, that's… I know it's computer science, you have two computer science, what else? Speech. No, you have three computer science courses, right?
Duy Nguyen: No, just two.
Wei Zheng: You have a… you only have, wah.
Wei Zheng: You only have 4 classes, design?
Duy Nguyen: I… yeah, I have one online class.
Wei Zheng: What's this, online?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's… it's CJ.
Wei Zheng: What's this cost?
Wei Zheng: What are these cars?
Wei Zheng: So, what do you, what do you do for your project?
Wei Zheng: Can you… can you choose subject of your project?
Wei Zheng: Senior developer, you can… all the instructor assigned to you, or you can choose.
Duy Nguyen: I can choose anything, like, mobile app, or web app?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, why you choose? You, you do not choose for our project. We can develop some app.
Wei Zheng: Who, who's your instructor for that, that one?
Duy Nguyen: I just start coming school in this week, right? So,
Duy Nguyen: We have 2 weeks to, like, find the…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, well, yeah, we can talk about this part. We can develop some app for education.
Wei Zheng: project!
Wei Zheng: Is, is it possible?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's really possible.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, who's your instructor?
Wei Zheng: For this course.
Duy Nguyen: Right now, I think I will…
Wei Zheng: Now, who's the instructor of this course for your senior design project?
Duy Nguyen: Like, you mean the…
Wei Zheng: Instructor, teacher, the faculty.
Duy Nguyen: The teacher? The other sponsor, because Discord have to, like.
Duy Nguyen: I have to find the sponsor for this.
Duy Nguyen: The, for the final, for the senior project.
Wei Zheng: You mean… I mean, who is your course instructor? There are no course instructors?
Duy Nguyen: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: I'm sorry.
Duy Nguyen: I have two right here.
Wei Zheng: This person.
Duy Nguyen: It's November.
Wei Zheng: faculty, this faculty?
Wei Zheng: This is the, the, the, the, the assistant of faculty.
Duy Nguyen: They use the faculty.
Wei Zheng: You're the faculty?
Duy Nguyen: Because, like, for this… for the single project.
Duy Nguyen: All of the students have to find The… the professor, the…
Duy Nguyen: The sponsor, like, they will assist them for the student?
Wei Zheng: How about you… you know the Dr. Wang? Dr. Wang, you know Dr. Wang?
Duy Nguyen: I know Dr. 1, and I know Dr. 1. Dr. Fengwan?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, can you talk to him? Because I talked to him before. Could you just,
Duy Nguyen: Do you know him? Because, like…
Wei Zheng: him, I know him, I know him.
Wei Zheng: Dr. Wang… okay, let's see, let's see, what's the name?
Duy Nguyen: Dr. Feng would like to hear you. Dr. Feng would…
Wei Zheng: Okay, let's say, what's the name?
Duy Nguyen: 8, ma'am.
Wei Zheng: Oh, no, no, not this one. This is Dr. Huang. Dr. Huang.
Wei Zheng: Let's B.O. B.O, B.O, B.O. What's the name?
Duy Nguyen: Oh, bonwa, bohoi? Do you know…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Oh… And I know him, I know him because I, I, I took the, the, my, my.
Wei Zheng: The Transformer course, I can teach a transformer, huh? Transformer.
Duy Nguyen: Just a minute, please.
Duy Nguyen: Computer Science… Omnis.
Duy Nguyen: I could see…
Duy Nguyen: History.
Wei Zheng: I, I, I talked to… yeah, okay.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I know that you're a chair, I know your chair. Because now, no, I've communicated with several times. That's why, you know, I communicated him with… regarding recruit a student, you know?
Duy Nguyen: This guy right?
Duy Nguyen: Boy.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah. Okay, what's the name? What's the name, what's the name? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, his name.
Duy Nguyen: Is this guy?
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: he… he already… he… he's Chinese.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Yeah. The same one.
Wei Zheng: You must find the faculty, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: I can talk to him, and then, probably, We can walk on…
Wei Zheng: Something… just continue work on what you are currently working on.
Wei Zheng: Because eventually, we want what?
Wei Zheng: We want a developer something
Wei Zheng: we can just, like, find the knowledge, you know what I mean? It's a similar thing, even for your current thing.
Wei Zheng: We can extend that.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: You can't extend what you're currently doing.
Wei Zheng: To a more broad sense.
Wei Zheng: It's just like, try to digest.
Wei Zheng: The knowledge, and try to find the conclusion, find the knowledge.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, it's up to you, it's up to you. But if you want, we can… I can talk to him, and then he can… he can actually, yeah, be… just, like, serve as your advisor, or whatever.
Wei Zheng: And,
Wei Zheng: And then just come out of something. But this senior design project is just one semester, it's not started from last semester?
Duy Nguyen: Just one semester.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you think of it, you think of it, you just say, this project, because we have, I have some lot of ideas regarding what we should do, or even we build something, the app.
Wei Zheng: For… because for us, wine for… you know, for me, why in this area, you are working on it, right? Another area is education.
Wei Zheng: We try to do something.
Wei Zheng: But, but anyway, you will do the multi… multi… what? Multiple agent framework? You, you, you, you are interested in this one, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, I understand it too soon.
Wei Zheng: And then, with this framework, we can find some more specific application.
Wei Zheng: But I think you just locked, like, this way. You locked with multiple agents remote. Definitely you will do that, because that is the trend, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And then, we will identify a particular thing.
Wei Zheng: we are interested, because now I try to collaborate with him, with Dr. Wang, to do some, the proposal. We… but at least we can build something, just like we said, we… we… we build one.
Wei Zheng: We computed the universal framework.
Wei Zheng: That universal framework that can digest the specific domain knowledge, like publication.
Wei Zheng: And then, they will predict the research direction. They will predict the, the, the, the, the, the, the, yeah, we can say research direction.
Wei Zheng: Or which one, which area they have the… is a good direction to… to do the research, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: Bears on the nudge.
Duy Nguyen: Just like.
Wei Zheng: You're currently doing for this one?
Wei Zheng: You think of it, you think of it.
Wei Zheng: Is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I'm terrific.
Wei Zheng: I will, I will, I will give you some idea.
Wei Zheng: An event?
Duy Nguyen: Thank you. You think of it. Thank you.
Wei Zheng: Yah.
Wei Zheng: tell you, what do we try to do?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: We try.
Duy Nguyen: I'm really excited when you talk with me like this. Yeah. I'm really excited.
Wei Zheng: The scene's what?
Wei Zheng: The seed!
Wei Zheng: the current…
Wei Zheng: research… because now a lot of things is developed for the industry, but there are lots of things developed for the academic. So you know what an academic doing? They will fund the research direction. Which direction is promising? They will have an impact.
Wei Zheng: They will… it's feasible to do.
Wei Zheng: So what do you need? You need to look at the existing
Wei Zheng: Literature. You need to look at what is already built, is that?
Wei Zheng: Based on what they already built? And then, based on…
Wei Zheng: The rule they found from the scientific research finding
Wei Zheng: I mean, I talk about the rule, because the rule is what? It's the god of the rule, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: the card of… you know what I mean.
Duy Nguyen: How about you?
Wei Zheng: curation, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: We… what do we… what do we try to do? At the very beginning, I talked to you. We tried to collect this information from the publications, but eventually we want to try to find what?
Wei Zheng: the physical laws, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: The physical, or God, God, the physical.
Wei Zheng: You know, you know what I mean? God. You know the God, is that? Because the God is the rule, the everything. The people say that.
Wei Zheng: Because whatever occurred is out of your control, is controlled by God, you know?
Wei Zheng: The God is… it's a general sense, it's not like a religion sense, you know what I mean? The God is a kind of the nature.
Wei Zheng: Just like your body. Your body, sometimes you cannot control your body. Who control is God's control.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? You know what I mean, because…
Wei Zheng: whatever beyond your control, that is… whatever… the thing beyond the human control, that is controlled by the rule, right? By the rule. But we try to find one.
Wei Zheng: the… based on the… because the people… what are the people doing? They try to find the project Newton, you know what I mean? The Newton found the gravity, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: Therefore, they exist.
Wei Zheng: But the Newton, they found the relation, whatever the gravity, you know, you know what I mean, the gravity or whatever. They found it, but that is the rule, you know?
Wei Zheng: What do scientific research mean? They try to… they try to follow the rule to better guide the people, you know what I mean? So, whatever we just say, we try to build
Wei Zheng: Okay, I'll tell you what I try to do. I, I think… I think it should be interesting. Which I try to do what?
Wei Zheng: Just… just similar to what you… you did here.
Wei Zheng: We try to build the multiple agent, okay? The multiple agent is what we… they… they can track
Wei Zheng: The new development!
Wei Zheng: In a specific area.
Wei Zheng: Just like you developed the, web crab, did I?
Wei Zheng: Web…
Duy Nguyen: the web scraping.
Wei Zheng: You will… I think the… I think the, the, the Alex… the Alex is the master developer.
Wei Zheng: side. They can have some updated information, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: You know, and then we will develop the agent. They can track the updated research, scientific research.
Duy Nguyen: Oh! Okay, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Another area!
Duy Nguyen: Very practical, yeah. Okay.
Wei Zheng: You see what I mean?
Wei Zheng: And then we will digest, just like you're doing, just like you're doing here.
Wei Zheng: And then we will, after we digest, we build a knowledge graph, or similar.
Wei Zheng: And based on the knowledge graph, we can, you know, you… if you… if you… You know.
Wei Zheng: In the knowledge graph, the one thing was, they try to build a knowledge graph. And also, they try to predict a knowledge graph they haven't built.
Wei Zheng: They try to find the relation, you know, the knowledge graph we built is, like.
Wei Zheng: These are the existing knowledge.
Wei Zheng: And in their relation. But, there's a lot of things, people is unknown.
Wei Zheng: He's like…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, enough.
Wei Zheng: Not a PC, but what is the unknown? The unknown is the relation between the entity already in your knowledge graph, and another entity, another entity in your knowledge graph, and then we will try to see.
Wei Zheng: If there's a relation between these two entities, that if we can find this relation between, the entity based on the knowledge graph, that actually is… we found the knowledge. We found a new knowledge.
Wei Zheng: If you look at the… if you… you know that we have a traditional knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: the one task for the knowledge graph is built a long time ago, before, before the chat GPT, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, 20 years history.
Wei Zheng: And in that knowledge graph, one… one task is what? It's try to find the relation between entity.
Wei Zheng: That already… that haven't established a relation.
Wei Zheng: But, well, they can inference.
Wei Zheng: Whether they have that relation or not, based on the existing knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: It's kind of a thing, it's what we try to verify, we try to identify the potential relation, and then we try to…
Wei Zheng: I will, I will send you something, okay? I will send you something. I think that's where, you know.
Duy Nguyen: I like your idea, yeah.
Wei Zheng: I did.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: But if you need advice, you talk to him, you talk to this guy.
Wei Zheng: I will actually, I will tell him.
Wei Zheng: And we, we can, we can't do this. Because…
Duy Nguyen: I think I will do this.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I think, yeah, because you already, you already have some foundation. You shouldn't know this is very important.
Wei Zheng: And also, I tell you.
Wei Zheng: Is another is what? You look at the Google, I don't know if Google or Microsoft, they call the…
Wei Zheng: S… science, science, science,
Wei Zheng: It's just like Google Science or Microsoft Science. You, you, you, you, you, you, you Google it, you, you, you use ChatGPT.
Wei Zheng: You said, which company, Google or Microsoft, developers are, assigns?
Wei Zheng: For the sign… for the, for… no, no, no, you, you, you chat, you, you, you chat with ChatGPT.
Wei Zheng: You said, is, is Google or Microsoft have a developer, AI scientist that can
Wei Zheng: Guide a science… scientific research.
Wei Zheng: Developer, the AI, sign… scientist.
Wei Zheng: Or scientist model, or similar.
Wei Zheng: No, no, no, no, no, not data science. Just the science, just the science, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Developer. No, develop, develop.
Duy Nguyen: Fair enough.
Wei Zheng: Developing, developing, developing, set developing.
Wei Zheng: AI scientist, AI scientist.
Wei Zheng: or AI researcher.
Duy Nguyen: Such a…
Wei Zheng: Research model that guides scientific research.
Duy Nguyen: Oh.
Wei Zheng: scientific research.
Duy Nguyen: Guy.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, guide the scientific research.
Wei Zheng: Guide, scientific, scientific.
Duy Nguyen: Let's see, cyan…
Wei Zheng: Yes, it's… Scientific, scientific research.
Wei Zheng: Scientific, Tificica.
Duy Nguyen: And the…
Wei Zheng: scientific, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Research.
Wei Zheng: I will talk… if you are interested, I will talk him, because, he will serve as your instructor. Okay, you…
Wei Zheng: Oh, no, no… You chat with ChatGPT us.
Duy Nguyen: Signal.
Duy Nguyen: My internet is kind of slow.
Duy Nguyen: I'm sorry.
Wei Zheng: Triple Touches together.
Duy Nguyen: is the Google-Microsoft Developing AI Researcher Model.
Duy Nguyen: That guy's anti-.
Wei Zheng: Research.
Duy Nguyen: Both.
Duy Nguyen: He said that.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, we just try to… we just try to how to make this fit the specific publication. If you are interested, I will talk to Dr. Wang, and I will talk to him, you… you talk to him and let him serve your… your advisor, you know what I mean? But actually, you can directly communicate with me, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yes. Okay.
Wei Zheng: Let me… okay.
Duy Nguyen: Thank you so much.
Wei Zheng: If you determine you like to do this.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: We will do something similar to this, but we'll put more… more… more specific. Yeah, more… more specific way. But this is the trend, this is the trend.
Wei Zheng: The thing is, just like the agent, they can monitor the new development, and then they can produce some new knowledge, or some good direction.
Wei Zheng: for the research.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yes. Yeah, I know.
Wei Zheng: Okay, but now you try to work on this… we try to finish that paper, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, the draft, right?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I will tell you, I will… once I… because, actually, I try to… because we work… I currently work with 4 or 5 students.
Wei Zheng: We just, submit, the draft paper for a conference. I think at least 3 papers. The one student, they do not produce a result.
Wei Zheng: we try to see if we can postpone the deadline. We request the conference division chair to let us postpone our submission, but
Wei Zheng: I'm waiting for them. But yesterday, we submitted 5 paper. Oh, no! We submit, we submit three, three draft paper. So that's why I'm busy,
Wei Zheng: But now, I'm having more time. But after that… but the thing is what? I hope you…
Wei Zheng: What? We can… we can catch this deadline to finish this draft, got the result.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean? Do the evaluation, what are we talking? I just said that.
Wei Zheng: Since that is your major sense, whenever you have time, you just try to walk out, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay. I will send the transcript, yeah, for you, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Thank you so much, thank you.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Hello.
Wei Zheng: Yup.